text	sentiment_for_product	sentiment_for_video
Came here after seeing this mentioned on Ear Biscuits. Hey there fellow mythical beasts!	0	0
"They heard ""create a problem, sell the solution"" but they forgot to create the problem"	-1	0
This would be better as an interface for a phone.	1	0
"Honestly, this looks like they were in a hurry to market something and put out the beta release with a clunky OS. There's nothing here an improved smartwatch couldn't do -and stayine nicely connected to your phone!"	-1	0
Still better than your app.	1	0
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic AMV33X ?	0	0
"i think the idea of being able to ""save last minutes from gameplay"" in real life would be pretty kool"	1	0
"Now imagine twitter users reacting to dankpods' ""review"" of the raycon earbuds"	0	0
Holy shit. It's basically the Circret bracelet that Captain Disillusion debunked. But this works. Kinda.	1	0
Who¡¯s here from Dangelos video ??????	0	0
"That thing could have some success if it an accessory of a smart phone, you have your smart phone in the pocket as a back up, if they do that they could reduce the price drastically, but no, they have to be arrogants and lose everything instead of share something."	-1	0
I think Humane should shift to the medical field. The pin could connect to a hospitals server to give nurses patient info...	1	0
it looks like a reasonable device for a technology detox Probably too expensive yeah	0	0
I don¡¯t have yt premium but for some reason I can get this video on pip mode on my iphone. Just this video	0	0
Soldiers assemble ??	0	0
"Where is the ""cool ABC outro idea"" ? ????"	0	0
there's also the tiny subtle racism in that the lazer ink display just works better on lighter skin because of how projectors work	-1	0
"Like one less tech company will hurt consumers, the economy, or a country. ??"	0	0
Everyone crying 700$  useless & buying 2000$ iPhones & a 20 dollar Apple TV subscription ??	-1	0
RIP to humane every single review I¡¯ve heard/seen of this product says that it is TERRIBLE but kudos to the humane team for trying and pushing the boundaries of tech	-1	1
Love how even reviewing the worst product yet your criticisms are all constructive and not overly scathing in any way	-1	1
"Here¡¯s another perspective, this pin could be life changing for a blind person. ..."	1	0
The VERY noticeable lag is a huge problem.	-1	0
5:21 - ...the ability to completely parse out what you're looking at is pretty neat. And quite accurate apparently.	1	0
"This seems like a good prototype for a device to help the visually impaired, but as an eye man myself I don¡¯t see the need ???¡á?"	1	0
"honestly, I do not think it's so bad. If they would pair it with smartphones, it would be a great product."	1	0
"It's mentioned a few times that it's ""a little AI in a box""... Until the AI can run fully locally this device won't really go anywhere. Very good review, I enjoyed every minute of it and found it very balanced."	-1	1
"If it wasn't for the laser display, I would have felt like this device was made for people with poor eyesight."	1	0
I will never buy tech that is worn on or around my heart unless it¡¯s a pace maker. No sir!	-1	0
Great review. Gah this seems like such a good idea on paper¡­??	1	1
"Honestly, it's criminal how they charge you $100 more for a color change"	-1	0
Tired of having a screen in your hand? Well now your hand *is* the screen!	0	0
"Its not the worst product you have reviewed, take another guess....."	-1	0
It makes next to no sense that it isn't a voice input/software solution for a language model running on your phone...	-1	0
"Even if this product gets popular, noone with a pacemaker may be able to use it."	-1	0
Maybe useful for blind people	1	0
I actually like this idea. Its a step towards the right direction.	1	0
If it can link with smart phone.....it can be a better thing....	1	0
For the scan and voice command? I think this is absolutely good assistant to the blind ????	1	0
*beatboxing* donde.. esta.. la biblioteca	0	0
This shit would¡¯ve been dope in the 80¡¯s	0	0
"This is a 'phone' for blind people, with 1000ping."	-1	0
Pin: And a red carpet on the floor Marques: ¡­ great ¡­	0	0
"So basically, it does everything way worse than a $300 dollar phone while asking for a subscription on top of it?"	-1	0
I think apple or samsung can come up with a similar better version of it	1	0
"bro, why did you type ""lens""? just touch on the icon next to the mic icon in the search bar"	0	0
0:18 Bro really said wearable glasses¡­like bro¡­That¡¯s the point of glasses xD	0	0
"Smart glasses, smart wireless earbuds like the bragi dash or smart contact lenses... would be so much more powerful than this could ever be."	-1	0
Soldiers..??	0	0
So they just made a cute gadget that can connect with AI feed channels and customizations... Might as well just use your phone or a smartwatch!	-1	0
"I invested in a kickstarted project that was a bracelet that did this, of course the Russian duo showed pictures of dev and it was all fake graphics on the campaign, it never came to fruition."	0	0
The irony of this video rn ?? 50$ for wallpapers lol	0	0
I can just see apple buying this company and perfecting this technology. The iPin hehe	1	0
"I saw its potentials in the future. I think it could be great for the elderly who suffer memory loss , and for the emergency calls..."	1	0
Perfect review. You stated your opinions and then gave more than enough product information so that viewers can make their own well informed decisions.	0	1
Never buy a product based on future promises is a phrase I keep hearing more and more often in review videos...	-1	0
People getting mad are the same ones that want AI to legit takeover	0	0
Future landfill material.	-1	0
Apple doesn¡¯t have anything new mostly just same specs and late compared to samsung..still you dont go hard at those products..why here???	0	0
gotta love the projector Fallout green color	0	0
"Not even 2 minutes yet. Knowing the price and subscription nonsense, I want to see the company goes bankrupt."	-1	0
A2D....hi soldiers ??	0	0
the best possible use is for a blind/vision impared person. Especially the describe to me what you see ability.	1	0
Great review. This tech has potential. Improve the features and reduce the price and I will purchase.	1	1
Truth is Truth	0	0
"Not worried about the heat, but all that usability friction is gonna start a fire."	-1	0
These AI standalone devices would have been a hit 10 years ago when Siri and Alexa were starting to get big...	-1	0
Until we are able to stuff the whole ai servers into a box like this... make it easier than googling the stuff... This is useless.	-1	0
What I don't understand about these ai assistants is who are they for? Whose life is so busy they need an ai assistant?	0	0
?Donde est¨¢ la biblioteca?	0	0
They lost me at the $24 monthly subscription ??	-1	0
This wallpaper dude is insulting hardware products.	0	0
Battery and charging above your heart is really a no-go just saying	-1	0
"This is a great device as a PROTOTYPE, not as an easily integrated consumer device for everyone. It is literally just a much worse phone"	-1	0
I think you¡¯re a bit cruel in your review. I see nothing but good things ahead for this product.	1	0
So a small phone??	0	0
"it's not that bad actually, especially for a first iteration product"	1	0
The people trying to justify this product are actually delusional	-1	0
"I understand the ""reminding"" feature but thats what ""Hey Siri"" or ""Hey Google"" is for... so yea"	-1	0
i think is a good idea for someone blind to use	1	0
??????????	-1	0
"I respect Marques in his extreme fairness and unbiasedness, but really? You tried to give this a +1..."	-1	0
"From the online hate i thought you SLANDERED the product and its creators. SAVAGELY  slayed them. Then i watch this and im like, youre more moderate and kind than most"	0	1
dude. cut your hair.	0	0
who ok'd this and thought that's a seller?	-1	0
Gimmicky little item for lazy people	-1	0
This may be helpful for blind people but the cost is really high	1	0
This is only good as a side product for the main device such a cell phone ??	1	0
"when i look into this product, it could be the beginning of the technology like Focus in Horizon Zero Dawn game... but too bad, this is just corporate greed imo."	-1	0
I could see this being a good disability play - telling a blind person what they can see is pretty cool	1	0
This is good review. No wonder board watched it??	0	1
I wonder how useful this device would be for the blind community. Asking it what it sees when you dont have anyone around you to ask seems pretty helpful.	1	0
What a nice review. Subscribed!	0	1
"Everytime you want to take your sweater/jacket off/on, you have to detach this thing and re-attach. Which can be all the time depending on the weather and what you're doing."	-1	0
You are wearing it close to your heart. Is it absolutely safe or what?	-1	0
"So it costs 3,580$ if you want to actually use it for at least ten years. I hate having to pay additional fees... Greedy business model."	-1	0
Good Concept for blind people and or people with vision problem.	1	0
		
		
		
